The Irene Adler Software Library
================================

DISCLAIMER
----------
The Irene Adler Software Group (a division of BlackStar Enterprises, LLC.)
disclaims all liability for the use of this software and does not warranty
its applicability for any use or purpose. The Irene Adler Software group
and its parent company BlackStar Enterprises, LLC., shall not be
responsible for any damage this product, library, or software may cause, 
no matter the cause or fault, even if the Irene Adler Software Group or
BlackStar Enterprises, LLC. has been informed of such problems beforehand.

The software is provided "as is." There are no warranties or guarantees 
about the software in any way. Hopefully it will work for you but it may 
not. Although every effort has been taken to ensure that the software
performs as stated, and is free from any problems, viruses, or other 
damaging or dangerous code, there are inherent dangers in the use of any 
software. It is always your responsibility to check any software for 
malignant agents and viruses before using it on your system. Software 
may crash your system or do other things you don't want. You are solely 
responsible for safeguarding of the data and equipment used in connection 
with any of the software provided by the Irene Adler Software Group or its
parent company, BlackStar Enterprises, LLC.

The use of this software or library in any way in your project or company 
is considered as approval and understanding of the terms of this 
disclaimer.

WHAT'S NEW
----------
The most recent updates to this library involve the encapsulation of all 
classes into the "IASLib" namespace. This is to prevent namespace 
collisions with other libraries or software.